Skip Upgrade Kubernetes (#5460)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/workflows/deploy_product.md

## 2. Upgrade Kubernetes

> **`NOTE`** This subsection is optional and mandatory only if Upgrading CSM manually and additional products with IUF

Reviewer: I think this wording could be improved. It is confusing to say this is optional because it is required by the process, it may not be necessary to run manually though. Below is how I would suggest wording this note.

```suggestion
**`NOTE`** This subsection, `Upgrade Kubernetes`, should only be executed if upgrading CSM manually and additional products with IUF.
This subsection should **not** be executed if upgrading CSM with IUF because this will automatically be executed as a hook script by IUF.
Additionally, this step should **not** be executed if installing or upgrading additional products only with IUF because Kubernetes is only upgraded during a CSM upgrade.
```
